Skin all over the body
constantly sheds dead cells
from the outer layer or epidermis.
Dandruff refers to large,
loose flakes of skin shed from the scalp,
which can cling to the hair
or fall onto the shoulders.
The skin in those with dandruff
is thought to shed more often
than in those without it.
The skin between the shafts of
hair on the scalp is comparatively loose.
Just beneath the surface,
a mixture of yeast and
bacteria often develops,
particularly in those with oily skin.
The number of yeast cells
and bacteria
are often higher in those with dandruff
and many scientists believe that
this combination is the
actual cause of dandruff.